viewer discretion is advised make
Christmas grande you're a grandma
grandma hey don't try to play me you
know I make you drop them drawers and
climb the wall yeah just without one
little bro terrific addition these right
now
o-tama till date one these calls over
$300 you can walk to and from the
mailbox in and number two how old are
you cuz you ain't in no shade to be
playing ball to
[Music]
you if you stand up straight
okay stop me you can stop me okay stop
Brendon
[Music]
you know you shouldn't have been out
there my doctor said you're almost seven
joke back but don't worry grande the
doctor said you will be able to walk
again
so granddad was it worth it hmm really
put the fucker in there
you